Now, I have an earlier version of our
website that doesn't perform quite
as well.
And we're gonna use that for
some of our demos and exercises today.
This is the repository that I sent
out as part of the prerequisites.
So toddhgardner/perf-training-website
It is a Node JS
powered backend that just
simulates our servers.
It drives a single index dot HTML file,
there is not a whole lot of magic in this.
In order to get it up and running,
you need to download it or you know,
clone it locally.
Run npm install and then NPM start So
here is what the structure of
this app generally looks like.
This website, as I said,
is just a single HTML file,
all the files that are served
as part of our web application.
Are here in the public folder,
we serve an index.html file and
then a hand full of CSS images and
Java script.
That we'll be playing with over
the course of this section.
The server, you don't really need
to worry about as part of this,
this is just simulating our web
server in various different states.
You can obviously look at it if
you'd like and see how it works, but
don't worry about getting mired
in it if you don't want to.
The server itself is listening on
port 3000, so if you open it up.
And load it once you get it running,
it looks like this,
which obviously, is not ideal.
There's all kinds of stuff that
might not be great for our brand or
our performance on this site right
now that we're going to look at.
There's some nasty privacy banners and
chat apps getting in the way.
And the website itself is, it's just
kind of just kind of slow to load.
We're going to play with this,
and take a look at what,
how does this version of the app perform
and what can we do to make it better?